doc: Add a note about min MTU size (#28390)
nrfconnect/sdk-nrf: doc/nrf/releases_and_maturity/known_issues.rst

The issues in this section are related to :ref:`app_dfu`.

.. rst-class:: wontfix v3-3-0

NCSDK-34883: Unable to transfer image using MTU (:kconfig:option:`CONFIG_MCUMGR_TRANSPORT_NETBUF_SIZE`) lower than 104.
  The SMP protocol expects to receive the full MCUboot image header (32 bytes) with the first image upload command.

>   If a lower value is used, the image upload will never start and return the error (``IMG_MGMT_ERR_INVALID_IMAGE_HEADER``).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
NCSDK-34883: Unable to transfer image using MTU (:kconfig:option:`CONFIG_MCUMGR_TRANSPORT_NETBUF_SIZE`) lower than 104
  The SMP protocol expects to receive the full MCUboot image header (32 bytes) with the first image upload command.
  If a lower value is used, the image upload will never start and an error is returned (``IMG_MGMT_ERR_INVALID_IMAGE_HEADER``).
```
